= Shift Planning
* http://github.com/txemagon/Shift-Planning

== DESCRIPTION:

Command line application that helps to plan the shifts of the staff using a genetic algoritm.

== FEATURES/PROBLEMS:

The main problem is that this is a draft for my own.

* Convergence of the solution is very delicate.
* GA penalty points are in ag.h
* Number of iterations are in main.cpp 

== SYNOPSIS:

  run ./plan-shifts from command line.

== REQUIREMENTS:

* Unknown

== INSTALL:

* Clone the source code.
* run make (see Makefile for other options)

== FUTURE WORK:

* Implement argp to pass option through the command line.
* Standarize directories.
* Create a custom Makefile with installation options.
* Run DoxyGen to generate the API docs.

== LICENSE:

(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) 2012 Jośe M. González

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
